---
layout: post
title:  "Topics"
date:   2020-12-13 20:54:37 +0530
categories: DotNet, Github, StaticPages
---

### What is Cassandra?

The Apache Cassandra database is the right choice when you need scalability and high availability without compromising performance. Linear scalability and proven fault-tolerance on commodity hardware or cloud infrastructure make it the perfect platform for mission-critical data. Cassandra's support for replicating across multiple datacenters is best-in-class, providing lower latency for your users and the peace of mind of knowing that you can survive regional outages. [Cassandra][Cassandra]

### Why gRPC?

gRPC is a modern open source high performance RPC framework that can run in any environment. It can efficiently connect services in and across data centers with pluggable support for load balancing, tracing, health checking and authentication. It is also applicable in last mile of distributed computing to connect devices, mobile applications and browsers to backend services. [gRpc][gRpc]

### Lighthouse

Lighthouse is an open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages. You can run it against any web page, public or requiring authentication. It has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more.

You can run Lighthouse in Chrome DevTools, from the command line, or as a Node module. You give Lighthouse a URL to audit, it runs a series of audits against the page, and then it generates a report on how well the page did. From there, use the failing audits as indicators on how to improve the page. Each audit has a reference doc explaining why the audit is important, as well as how to fix it. Source: [Lighthouse][Lighthouse]

[Cassandra]: https://www.datastax.com/blog/what-earth-are-people-using-cassandra-anyway
[grpc]: https://grpc.io/
[Lighthouse]: https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse